hello it's Ruby and this year I'm going
to be bringing you along with my
Christmas shopping I just really enjoy
shopping for other people um and
especially my sister is currently the
14th of November and I am going to order
my first Christmas present of the year
which is really cool by the way do not
watch this if you know me in real life
because I do not want you to see what
I'm getting you for Christmas okay so I
like to use gifts tur for buying
presents this is just a really easy way
to keep track of gift ideas so you can
just put the link in and then you have
everything in one place and then when
you've got it you can just say I got
them
[Music]
[Applause]
this is the first thing that I'm buying
this is a pink enamel saucepan and you
might be wondering why I'm getting this
pink enamel foster home for my mom when
I was younger we had a set of these two
pans and my mom loved them and how
Bolivia's go they just got really they
were so old Vietnam would just wore away
and we had to get rid of them
my mom still always talks about these
pounds so I've decided to buy her the
pink one hypnotists these are actually
six Palestine from her mom and I are
here in John Lewis the excited the
laundry department but really Porter
that here is Christmas shopping and I've
just found there searching any of the
dyes it's a bad ones this new organist
I've said at the beginning of the video
don't watch this and you know me
personally so it's a travel cutlery set
so you can take it to work and you can
bring his own knife and fork and also if
he gets anything out so I've got one of
these and you see mine and he's very
impressed
[Music]
[Applause]
I don't know because we're in London
today we're just gonna pop into Muji
because I want to get dad some pajamas
from here dad's really liked music
pajamas and it got homes Andrew yeah so
he needs some new ones
ok so we're here in Covent Garden and
this isn't something I'm just gonna get
my own Christmas but I just wanna pop in
and get ha I'm a Korean from that area
because I'm a to be really nice are we
just standing in the rain ok now we're
not on today's and I'm getting also
Mario Badescu facial spray thing I hear
this is very popular at the moment
there's a visual like say I'm gonna get
these for my friend Katie for Secret
Santa
I've had a look at lots of reviews in
these ones I have a really good rating
katie is vegan say I feel like it's just
so nice to have a cake number how cute
are these earrings which I bought more
[Music]
I'm also gonna get more of this it's
this mini paid a camera and it's working
stone this game is the perfect gift for
my grandma
so if you didn't know my sister studies
film and media at college and so that's
gonna come in so handy she told me that
she's basically been boring her friends
when all the time so now she'll have her
phone so again really excited to get
back
okay another day now and I mind the last
few Christmas presents I am here with
the amazing crazy asteroid and we're in
kekeke at the moment which is I was just
I was just describing it to you guys
with like the about stationery shop it's
very roomy we all like in my bag I would
not be surprised so I thought I'd add on
to the end of this video my Christmas
wish list because people do seem to be
interested by these and I know
definitely running on the late side
because it's nearly Christmas and most
people have done their Christmas
shopping but still I thought I'd add
this on just in case you are looking to
buy or ask for a last-minute gift so the
top thing my Christmas list is a pair of
vegan Doc Martens because I just really
like the way these shoes look I think
they're really smart
next I'm asking for some lush shower
jelly the one in the silver bells that's
the one that I thought smelled nicest
but all of the Christmas ones smell
amazing then I've also asked for some
things from Emma Bridgewater they make
the most beautiful beautiful mugs and my
mum and I are both obsessed with
Ambridge water I think it makes a really
good gift and I also asked for the ocean
at the end of the lane that basically
this new illustrated edition that is on
my favorite books and I saw this book in
wood stones last month and it's just so
so gorgeous so I have asked for that for
Christmas
now I'm going to run through some
last-minute gift ideas because I know
that there will be some people who
potentially haven't got a few of their
Christmas presents still I actually
haven't got all of mine yet I still need
to buy for my granddad these are just a
few quick ideas so first of all on the
book front because you can easily pop
into your waterstones your local
bookshop the ones I would recommend are
the penguin English library collection
these books are stunning pretty
affordable as well beautiful books also
the Pan Macmillan collector's editions
are gorgeous books will say these
beautiful ones from penguin I don't all
the names of these editions are but are
really nice and of course the Harry
Potter illustrated editions which I just
fantastic and it makes such a good gift
these Daphne du Maurier editions are so
nice as well you can find them in the Y
section at water stains paper blanks
journals of amazing I love the ones that
are inspired by people in history or
authors and books so I've got an Edgar
Allan Poe address book which I love
stationery mild liners tombos magnet
tips which I don't know if they'd
arrived now in time for Christmas but
still magnet tips lamby pens makes such
a good gift backpack maybe so I know
very standard but the Konkan backpacks
is that how you say them Konkan knken
and I also recently came across this
brand called Coulomb and these have the
effect of a paper bag it's a little
recycled materials and they've got this
paper bag effect on them and they're so
so nice the VNA has an amazing Alice in
Wonderland crockery collection with
teacups teapots sources plates and I
feel like this would make a very good
gift again the shop journey also does
these literature themed sweatshirts
which i think would make a very good
gift for last-minute big a gift I would
also recommend the Instax new Fujifilm
camera this one doubles as both a
Polaroid camera and a Polaroid princess
you can print photos from your phone as
well lastly if you were looking to buy
bigger gift or asked to ask for a bigger
gift maybe a Kindle paperwhite because I
use mine all the time and if you're a
big book one then they actually are very
very useful so I do know that this video
was very mismatched but I hope that it
was in some way helpful and I hope that
you have a productive week and the most
wonderful wonderful of Christmases I
hope that you and your family have a
lovely holiday season no matter what you
celebrate with that's Christmas Hanukkah
Kwanzaa I just wish you the very best
for the holiday season and for the new
year to come the new decade yeah so
thank you and see you soon
[Music]
you